IS NO MORE THAN
A...DISTRACTION.
WHILE
THE EMPRESS SPEAKS,
HER STONE PROTECTORS
ARE IN YOUR MINES!
THE STONE PROTECTORS
ARE IN THE CRYSTAL MINES?
WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
WELL, WHO KNOWS?
SPYING...
PLANNING
THEIR TAKEOVER.
NOT FOR LONG!
■■■■■■■■
PLEASE! LISTEN TO ME,
MINERS OF FROSTBITE!
I AM FIGHTING
FOR MY THRONE...
FOR THE MYTHRANDIR
WE ONCE KNEW.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
SCINTILLATING!
OH, MAN!
THIS IS...IS...
WILD?
FANTASTIC?
UNBELIEVABLE?
BLIMEY, CLIFFORD,
CAN'T YOU DO
ANY BETTER THAN THAT?
I MEAN...I MEAN...
THIS IS...
FAB AND GROOVY?
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT,
ANGUS.
I'VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING
SO FAB AND GROOVY
IN ALL MY LIFE.
GERONIMO!
OH, WOW! YOU GUYS
ARE STYLIN'!
GOOD.
ANOTHER CHARGE
OVER THERE,
AND WE'LL BRING
THIS ENTIRE CAVERN
DOWN.
THE STONE PROTECTORS
WILL BE TRAPPED
FOREVER.
I LOVE IT!
NO. THIS IS NOT RIGHT.
I DON'T LIKE
THOSE BOYS,
BUT THERE'S NO CALL
TO BLOW THEM UP.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY.
RIGHT NOW YOU'RE
THE MINERS' LEADER.
BUT IF THE EMPRESS
AND HER STONE PROTECTORS
LEARN THE SECRETS
OF THE CRYSTAL MINES,
YOU'RE FINISHED!
AND DID YOU SEE
THE WAY YOUR DAUGHTER
LOOKS AT THOSE SAVAGES?
HOW WILL YOU
FORGIVE YOURSELF
WHEN SHE RUNS AWAY
WITH THIS BAND?
GIVE ME THAT THING.
I'LL BLOW THIS PLACE
SO THOSE BOYS
WILL NEVER GET OUT.
[CORNELIUS]
MMM, MMM! I HAVE
NEVER SEEN ANYTHING
SO GORGEOUS
IN ALL MY LIFE.
AND IT'S THE LAST THING
YOU'LL EVER SEE
IN YOUR LIFE.
COME.
WHAT?
IF THEY SEE US,
THEY'LL SUSPECT
A TRAP.
WHY HELP THEM
TO ESCAPE?
WE'VE LISTENED
TO YOUR ARGUMENT,
AND WE'RE WITH YOU,
BUT MERLE HAS BEEN
OUR LEADER
AS LONG AS WE CAN
REMEMBER.
HE MUST SPEAK
FOR US.
LET'S FIND HIM.
I'M SURE HE'LL LISTEN
TO REASON.
ARE YOU SURE
WE SHOULD DO THIS?
OH, I'M SURE.
@D
THAT CAN SAY
IT WENT OUT
WITH A...BANG.
WHOA!
UH-OH!
I THINK THIS COULD BE
OUR LAST PERFORMANCE,
LADS!
CATACLYSMIC!
YAHH-HO-HO!
WHAT HAPPENED, MERLE?
CAVE-IN,
GALLERY NUMBER THREE.
[OPAL]
MERLE.
ASTER IS DOWN THERE WITH
THE STONE PROTECTORS.
OH!
ASTER?
OH, NO.
WHAT HAVE I DONE?
IF ANYONE
CAN SAVE ASTER,
IT'S THE STONE
PROTECTORS.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THIS IS MY FAULT!
I--I BLEW THE MINE.
WHY, MERLE?
WHY WOULD YOU DO
SUCH A THING?
ASTER AND THE MINE
ARE ALL I HAVE.
I THOUGHT
YOUR STONE PROTECTORS
WERE GOING TO STEAL
THEM BOTH FROM ME!
I THOUGHT--
OH, I--I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WAS THINKING.
LET'S CUT THE THINKING
AND START DIGGING.
LOOK!
[OPAL]
YOU ARE THE STONE
PROTECTORS.
USE YOUR POWERS.
WELL, I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE THE CLIMBER...
BUT I DON'T SEE
A WAY TO GO.
SHAKE A LEG, BOYS.
MY DAUGHTER'S
TRAPPED DOWN THERE WITH
THOSE STONE PROTECTORS.
ROLL, MAXX, ROLL!
[RUMBLING]
WHAT WAS THAT?
AAH!
[RUMBLING]
CATACLYSMIC!
WH
WHOA!
CLIFF!
UH, I THINK THIS
IS YOUR GIG, PAL.
LIKE TAKING
A SNOW CONE
FROM A BABY, BUDDY.
HELP!
HANG TOUGH, POPS.
ASTER--MY DAUGHTER.
IS SHE...
RELAX, POPS.
SHE'S WITH THE BAND.
I'M O.K., DADDY.
OH, ASTER.
SO...WHAT KEPT YA?
CLIFF HAD TO RESCUE
A FAN.
THAT'S HIM!
■■E
THE SECRETS
TAL MINES!
ZINC!
LEAVE HIM, BOYS.
DON'T WORRY.
THE MINERS HAVE
GOT HIM COVERED.
WHEW! THAT WAS
A CLOSE SHAVE.
NOT HALF AS CLOSE
AS THE SHAVE
YOU'LL GET FROM ZOK.
[SOBS]
AND YOU KNOW THAT
AS LONG AS I LIVE,
THE CRYSTAL MINES
WILL REMAIN LOYAL
TO YOU.
I KNOW, MERLE,
AND I'LL RELY ON IT.
O.K., LET'S GO!■■
WE'VE GOT
A LONG WAYS TO GO
BEFORE I GET
MY THRONE BACK.
I OWE YOU
AN APOLOGY, ASTER.
OH, NO NEED, DADDY.
I THOUGHT I WAS GOING
TO LOSE YOU,
LOSE EVERYTHING.
JUST 'CAUSE
I LIKE THEIR MUSIC
NEVER MEANT I WOULD
LEAVE FROSTBITE.
THIS IS MY HOME.
YOU KNOW,
THEY WEREN'T SO BAD
AFTER ALL,
THOSE
STONE PROTECTORS.
YOU MEAN
YOU LIKE THEM?
YOU LIKE THEIR MUSIC?
I AIN'T SAYIN'
I LIKE THEM,
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
LIVE HOME INC.
O■O■O■O■O■■
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
THE NATIONAL CAPTIONING
INSTITUTE, INC.